well thank you very much everybody
it's an
honor this is an honor and I want to
thank the people behind me because they
have done an incredible job under very
adverse conditions I have to say and
they're very special very special people
very special congratulations to Paul he
gave a speech last week which was
incredible I mean they endorsed me so I
have to think it was incredible so thank
you all very
much it's a great group of people they
love our country before we begin I want
to address the unconstitutional decision
issued today by a radical
judge appointed by Biden and just came
down in Virginia illegally allowing
non-citizens to vote in our
elections in fact the poll came out %
of the people disagree so that's pretty
pretty good amount isn't it Ted huh the
outrageous decision goes against the
very Bedrock of our democracy and
thankfully Virginia governor Glen yunan
who's doing a terrific job is working
hard to uh fix this problem they found
thousands of illegal votes and the judge
said you didn't do it in a timely
fashion they did it a long time
ago as legal scholar Andy McCarthy just
said and very correctly how can
noncitizens be allowed on the voter
roles if they're voting is a federal
crime constitutional law professor
Jonathan Turley two great guys by the
way also notes that it is a crime to be
a
noncitizen voter
removing illegal voters off the voting
row should be a big priority for this
country and yet instead we're we're
scorned by a judge uh this is blatantly
unamerican and it's election
interference and uh Kamala Harris is
behind it very much and so I just wanted
to bring that to your attention and
obviously I mean it's up to the governor
of Virginia Glen yunan but uh I assume
they're going to be appealing it I think
he's going to and and they feel very
strongly about it so we'll see how it
goes but you have to get the confidence
going for elections when you have
decisions coming down like that where
they where they allow people to vote
that blatantly aren't qualified to vote
that's pretty uh pretty sad for our
country we have enough problems with the
elections it's about
confidence we're here today in the great
state of
Texas which
I like it I like
[Music]
it which under Kamala Harris has been
turned into ground zero for the largest
border invasion in the history of the
world you're lucky you have your
governor and people like Ted and Dan and
all other people
Sid even John who's from a different
state but he feels the same way or you
would really have problems but you've
done an amazing job under the
circumstances but
uh the federal government's supposed to
be doing that job and it should be easy
and it's uh it's not because of the
people but over the past four years this
state has become kamala's staging ground
to import her Army of Migrant gangs and
illegal alien criminals into every state
in America and every State's a border
state you've heard that it's true Paving
a trail of Bloodshed suffering and death
all across our land and it's only
getting worse it's just incredible when
you look at the numbers million
people at least during this three and a
half year period and many of them as you
know are murderers drug dealers people
from jails are they're letting their
people out of jails and bringing them
right into our we're like a Dumping
Ground what Kamala Harris has done on
our border is cruel it's vile and it's
absolutely heartless her policy of
importing migrant gangs is a crime
against our country it's actually a
crime against humanity and her abolition
of our border should disqualify her for
even running I mean I don't know how you
can run for the president of the United
States and allow people to pour into our
country and we're talking about
seriously criminal people many of these
people and they come from all over the
world it's not just South America
they're coming in from Africa they're
coming in from the Middle East the Congo
that's a hot place right now a lot of
lot of people coming in from prisons in
the Congo they're coming into our
country it's it's not even believable
actually when you think you know you're
standing up here you're saying this
stuff John John barasso but you're uh
you're saying this and you say to
yourself you know is it even believable
it's sort of like actually in a smaller
way but still very important Men playing
in women's sports who would want that
but you know years ago years ago
you would never say that and then you
have the transgender operations all over
the place and you're saying this and you
have parental Al uh guidance and we want
our child to be parentally guided and
you have to make apologies for the fact
that they're not but they're going to be
and we're going to bring that back we
want our parents we want our
parents but you know if you go back 
years or years ago if you ever made a
speech like that they'd say this guy's
crazy what what is he talking about
those things would never happen and they
didn't happen until a certain time ago
with the radical left no person who is
responsible for so much Bloodshed on our
own soil can ever be allowed to become
president of the United States and I
think she's coming here today she
doesn't want to go to a swing state
because she's losing so badly in those
States so she decided to come to Texas
and I'm sure she'll be treated very
nicely today she picked the wrong place
I think she picked the wrong place why
do I know about politics I haven't done
it that long
actually but today Kamala is here here
in Texas to rub shoulders with woke
celebrities isn't that
exciting but she's not going to meet
with any of the victims of Migrant crime
while she's here we have many of them
right here the families we have many of
them and they're incredible people what
they've gone through the hell that
they've gone through and will continue
to go through
unfortunately she'll not speak to the
grieving mothers from whom she has
stolen the brightest light in their life
she was in charge charge of this border
and she doesn't like being called bordar
anymore she didn't mind it almost four
years ago but now she doesn't like it
but you don't need that term she was in
charge of the Border she never came here
and she never made one call to these
people behind me or anybody in the group
not one call she's in charge she deals
with border patrol she hasn't made PA
not even not one call in four
years so we're joined today by a Texas
mom Al Alexis Nung from Houston a great
woman this past
June thank you great one where is
Alexis where is
she come up here Alexis come up
here so this
[Applause]
past this past June Alexis's -year-old
daughter her precious angel as you say
Joselyn we all called her that we we
feel we know Joselyn and uh she's had a
big impact Alexis you know that right
she's had a big impact walked to a
nearby convenience store Joselyn was
kidnapped tied up assaulted and I'm not
going any further than that I'm standing
with the mother and horrible things
happened to her to that young beautiful
that young beautiful girl and the
Animals arrested for joselyn's
barbaric murderer two illegal aliens
believed to be members of The Savage
Venezuelan prison gang known as trendee
aragua and they're all over the place
now they're all over our country they
were in Aurora but Aurora is now the
least of it they've taken over buildings
in Aurora the government a radical left
Democrat weak person doesn't know quite
what to do he's always got a big mouth
when he talks about other things but he
has no idea what to do and they have
weapons of military grade you say how
did they get those weapons these
monsters were in Border Patrol custody
but under a program Kamala Harris
created to abolish detention for
fighting aged men whatever that means
and give them free an automatic entry
into the United States the killers were
released into our country and Alexis uh
we cannot begin to imagine your pain and
if you'd like to say a few words would
you like to would you thank you you
thank you
[Applause]
D I want to thank everybody
for Donald Trump really for the
opportunity to be able to say my
daughter's
story um I know everybody knows somebody
that was like her she was she was
going to be a seventh grader pre-teens
they they think they're invincible
and um she was just being a child
and due to the Biden Harris policies we
have here are why she's not here anymore
she was taken from her
vulnerability and they made her a Target
and ran with that and now I will forever
be a grieving
mother and my son will forever be a
grieving brother who will no longer get
to grow up with his
sister Kamala Harris has never reached
out to me just even as a human to give
her condolences as a Humane person
running this
country I think it's very sad that
she can't even just give me an open
apology sincere
apology she's attempted to apologize to
me just days before this election and I
find it very inconvenient and convenient
for
her I appreciate everything Donald Trump
Senator Ted Cruz has done for me they've
been a tremendous amount of help for me
and my family during this incredibly
hard hard journey for me I want to thank
everybody for listening to my words
thank you
[Applause]
so I want to thank you Alexis and uh we
will never forget Joselyn we're not
going to we've all seen her picture it's
it's blazed into our minds and the
violence and viciousness and nobody
calls nobody talks and we have many
others like that the uh
soldiers that were killed
so uh
horribly in
Afghanistan nobody called them nobody
calls
them but certain people they call but
they don't call them they weren't called
they weren't treated properly they were
treated very badly actually and many
others including some of the people in
this room nobody calls I don't know just
from a human standpoint I call it's like
you can't do much because it's done we
could have done much if we were running
things Ted we would have had strong
borders we would have had all the things
at least uh they would had a real good
chance of not having been caught up in
this crime wave that's happening it's a
crime wave the number of people coming
in we have no idea what the number is I
say million a lot of people think
it's more than that and then you start
talking about the Goda ways I think the
Goda ways could be Dan double that who
knows what it is they're running into
the country we have no idea that we call
them from Parts I call them from from
Parts
Unknown uh as of two weeks ago Tom
homman told me it was
countries were represented in people
pouring in so it's no longer just a a
small group of people from the three or
four countries that were accustomed to
talking about in an interview last week
kamla Harris was asked directly if she
would apologize to Alexis for letting in
the Savage killer that took joselyn's
life and Kamala Harris refused to take
any responsibility whatsoever she
refused to own up to the fact that open
borders open borders and totally
unchecked it's not even open borders
open borders are horrible and how stupid
are they how stupid we're the only
country in the world that has this but
they don't even check them they don't
vet them they don't know who they are
they don't know where they're going they
just come in and then they fly them over
you know when the Border got a little
bit tougher cuz people were getting
angry and just we had citizens standing
at the border wanting to do and then
they get in trouble because they want to
do the job the federal government's
supposed to be doing but uh she refused
to own up to it and last night she said
she wants to make strong bords I mean
what she did last night and the night
before the the town hall with Cooper was
just
unbelievable Al Allison Cooper got so
angry that awesome but think of it think
of it uh uh never an apology never a
phone call to
anybody to anybody so thank you very
much
Alexis we're going to get this thing
straightened out we're going to get it
straightened out we got to get it
straightened out just from the
standpoint of a heart no calls no
nothing worst of all kamla refuses to
stop importing these killers into our
country every day she brings in more
She's Got No Remorse at all for the
innocent blood that's on her hands and
the blood is on her hands and Biden too
but Biden doesn't know where the hell he
is so what difference I just saw him
he's making a speech somewhere and he he
screwed it up pretty
badly but he's got his glasses the whole
deal you know standing outside wind
blowing he doesn't look great for us he
doesn't look that's not what we want
that's not what we want president she
used to look at him and still does I
guess right
but uh he used to just oh he just said
oh this is so this makes me so happy he
says and Putin and the whole group Kim
Jong-un they're tough guys out there
they're tough and they're smart and
they're StreetWise and they're they're
at the top of their game and we don't
have that that's very nice thank you
what a good line that that she said
that's why we have you thank you very
much
wow wow
you know that woman you know that woman
that's very
good thank you it's very nice thank you
very much two days ago she said she
could not think of any mistakes that
she's made she was asked a question can
you think of anything that you would do
different can you think of any mistakes
that you've made now actually she
couldn't think of it not it's about as
good she could say I would have
strengthened the Border I would have
lowered taxes I would have there about
answers you could give and you're
out of that question right she couldn't
think of a thing you know the worst of
all really is young children are
possibly dead but many of them are dead
but they're sex slave slaves or at a
minimum they're missing they'll never
see their parents again most likely
we'll do everything we can when we come
back I don't know it's very far down the
line we're going to do everything we can
together but but think of what that
number represents Dan three
and the fake news media doesn't
even talk about it if that were a
republican instead it would be the
biggest scandal in history it would be
the equivalent of nothing
else and they don't even talk about they
cannot talk about for you people
are missing think of that are missing
and probably will never be seen again
most of them but we're going to do the
best we can it's a tough assignment
uh but most of them they're probably
dead under borders are Harris there are
illegal aliens convicted of murder
that were released from jails and
prisons and penitentiaries
penitentiaries and they were set loose
into the United States of America were
like a a garbage can were like a garbage
kid first time I said it was last night
gave a speech in Las Vegas people
it was an arena we set the arena record
that was a big deal Arena
too we set the record but it was an
amazing crowd first time I ever said it
I said it I don't know it just came out
garbage can we like a garbage can for
the rest of the world to dump the people
that they don't want do you know what
they save from that their mental
institutions are being emptied out their
jails and prisons are being emptied out
and their gangs and their drug dealers
and everybody's being taken off the
streets and Venezuelan crime is down %
can you believe it well that's because
they don't you know the criminals are
being put here if we don't win this
election we're going to go to Venezuela
next year Ted and we're going to
celebrate there because it's going to be
much safer than our country okay is that
a deal we'll all go together you're
winning no it's just so bit well I have
to tell you I'm not supposed to say it
but we are winning by a lot actually
and
[Applause]
the the reason is we want them to keep
voting because we have to go you know
these used to take one day now they go
on forever and bad things happen lots of
bad things happened where were those
votes that I saw two days ago oh uh well
we're painting that section and we
decided to move them sir oh you can't
believe it so uh they said don't say it
so I didn't say it don't tell anyone I
said that but we're doing well we're
doing well in all seven states every one
of those swing States we're doing
well and we're doing really well here
but we expect
that we
expect but in another atrocity kamla
released and unvetted MSgang members
from El Salvador into the United States
he's a real Beauty he MSthat's
another gang they use knives they like
knives because it's more painful they
cut people up they killed two young
students walking to school two beautiful
young women young girls and they were
walking to school and they uh got them
walking to school and they knifed them
up and cut them up didn't want to use
guns because that's not painful and uh
you know who got rid of them ice they're
friends from from Ice they work so well
together and Kamala wants ice is you
know what ice is tough people that love
our country they have to be tough
because I know a lot of tough people
right up here you don't want to do what
they do they got to be tough and they've
done a great job but they got they did a
very good job here but the uh animal
that went on to attack and tie up a
-year-old autistic woman in Maryland
before raping her and uh Strangler it
then strangled her to death very
violently in front of numerous people
and actually uh put it on tape put it on
tape these are the people we're bringing
into our country in New York this past
summer an illegal alien released into
our custody
and came into our country by Kamala you
know I never use the word Harris because
nobody knows who I'm talking about when
I say Harris they say who the hell is
Harris it's true if I said VP Harris
nobody knows who it is can you believe
she's a
VP vp's a VP how about the guy she's got
that's I sure it might be worse than
her well she lived by the old adage
always get yourself a bad
VP and she's got
one we were we were very happy when we
heard that choice but we didn't know he
was as bad as he did he's he's a
disaster but Kamala approached two
-year-old children with think of this
these people that she let in with
machetes knives guns and broad daylight
forced them into the woods tied them up
together their wrists everything raped
the young girl
Park filmed the entire thing put it on
camera put it out for everybody to see
badly injured
this person and somebody with her two
really badly in Georgia this year and
you know this everybody knows this
except Biden he didn't know how to
pronounce her name after pressure
because he didn't talk about it either
Alexis he refused to talk about it then
he was actually forced to because it got
so
crazy but in Georgia this year an
illegal alien criminal with ties to
trendee aragua kidnapped assaulted and
murdered a brilliant young nursing
student Lake in Riley you remember Lake
and Riley who was a beautiful I got to
meet the parents a couple of times
they're incredible but they like
devastated you know you can't really
can't really say oh well everything will
be it's not going to be okay it's not
good it's just you can't really there's
nothing you can say really a lot of
times I say like to
Alexis what can I say the only thing we
can do is do something about it so it
doesn't happen again you know so we can
[Applause]
do but she murdered her while she was
out on a run she wanted to keep herself
in good shape and they got her her
killer was yet another monster released
into America through this open B border
policy of Kamala and her group of radical
left idiots under the Trump
Administration we will end this migrant
Invasion and we will Deport every last
Criminal Alien targeting our daughters
and our children our families other
people's families they going to be gone
they going to be gone fast some
some are so violent you know we can't
let them go we can't we can't send them
in because they'll come back but we have
uh some pretty strong policies that
we're putting into place immediately on
January th we're honored to be joined
by many of the incredible border patrol
agents and law enforcement Heroes who
will help us restore safety to
America and I'd like to invite a very
special person he made such a good
speech last night they endorsed me and
this gentleman made a very good speech I
said you know I'm going to have to go
back and start practicing Ted you and I
are going to have to practice a little
bit but Paul Perez uh just assumed the
big Power position from from Brandon
who's who was a fantastic guy he's still
involved in so many ways but uh they
endorsed me something they're not really
probably even supposed to do I won't get
into that but they love the country and
in endorsing they said very bad things
about her they don't want to say bad
things either they want to say great
things even me I didn't know I was going
to do this we had a very good first
election we had a much better second
election we got close to million
votes more than we did the first time
the highest number in
history and okay and then I saw what was
happening with the country it was so bad
and so incompetent it didn't take long I
would have preferred that the country
was really well-run
John I would have preferred it if the
country was really if Biden got in there
and he was a great president I would
have actually preferred it and right now
I'd be on a beach or a golf course or
something I'd be doing something else
but I'd rather be in Texas with you I
can tell you that I'd rather be in Texas
with you because we're going to make our
country great again and we we're going
to do it and if I could ask Paul just to
come up and say a few words and I
appreciate very much the ement Paul
thank you very much
please thank you president thank you
president I really respect the fact that
you came out to
Texas to highlight migrant crime illegal
alien crime we've got some good people
here in the front row that have been
supporting the governor's efforts to do
the federal government's job and so we
really appreciate that but I want to
talk about the person that's going to be
coming to Houston tonight not to
apologize iog or highlight illegal alien
crime but to party like a fool on stage
with
celebrities instead of apologizing to
the families this is somebody who likes
to brag about being a former Federal
prosecutor who prosecuted transnational
gangs and cartel members so she knew
better president Trump she knew better
than most exactly the threat that these
people these
animals create the threat that they
bring to our communities that will harm
our families and these scumbags listed
here on these pictures here are part of
the comma crime crime wave and because
of that the comma crime wave has
devastated
cities president Trump strikes fear in
the enemies of
America that is the type of leadership
that we need in this country
just recently the criminal cartels have
green lit firing on Border Patrol agents
they would have never done that under
President Trump because they know he
would send the message that if you touch
a single hair on a border patrol agent I
will eradicate you that's the strength
and Leadership we need from president
Trump not the clowns that are running
for president on the Democratic ticket
yeah my daughter can handle a shotgun
better than Tim Waltz and and he served
in the military as he claims the
Secretary of Homeland Security also a
former Federal prosecutor they know
better they should have stopped this
invasion they did nothing they not only
facilitated but they encouraged it this
border needs to be fixed and the only
person that can fix this border is
Donald J Trump
[Applause]
thank you very much Paul thank you very
much boy it's uh you can't say it better
you can't say it better and they really
know the subject uh if they thought
somebody was slightly better they that's
what they want they just want it fixed
and their job's a lot easier just to let
everybody pour through it's a tough job
when you do it right but that's what
they want they love the country this is
just a great group I've gotten to know
them so well over the years I did call
them a lot and we had the safest border
we put down my all-time favorite chart
without that chart I wouldn't be
standing here
Dan but that chart basically showed we
had the lowest and it was done by border
patrol we had the lowest uh number of
illegal migrants we had the lowest
number of drugs in many years and all of
the different categor or is were number
one the day I left and uh I said we're
going to have to come back we're going
to have to do it and we'll do it even
better because we really have experience
now that we didn't have that I want to
thank uh the Gan family the Guan family
is here they are incredible incredible
Brave and beautiful family they lost
they lost their daughter and sister and
uh she's up in heaven looking down very
proud of you and very proud of the
stance that you took very uh vicious
group of people uh just liars you know
and uh a magazine that's a failing
magazine run by a guy named
Goldberg uh came out with a story bad
story about me that I had told them I
was going to do something and all this
and they were so
incensed that they said we can't let
them say that about what took place with
the daughter I I was going to help them
if they didn't get the military funding
I was going to fund it myself myself I
told them that but they were able to get
the funding and I guess they came out
with a story that uh what's it called
the Atlantic magazine Atlantic this is a
really bad they were the ones that made
up the story about me saying bad things
about this about the soldiers the
beautiful thing is that these people
were willing to come out and say it
didn't happen that way this man was the
I had them into the White House and they
were all they didn't have to do this
they could have sat back and your
daughter is so proud of you I'm telling
you they didn't have to do that I didn't
you know I have these people saying all
this bad stuff then all of a sudden the
family that they're talking about comes
out of nowhere and says president Trump
was perfect what he did was so great he
got us the money and I did say if we
couldn't get you the money for the
funeral I was going to pay it but he got
us the money and it happened so quickly
and nice and they came out and they said
that who would do that a lot of people
wouldn't do that they'd sit back and
they say well he was a nice guy but we
don't want to get involved or something
we love you thank you very much we love
you and it was phony stories by a
general that got fired and he's a whack
job total whack job but General it's
funny uh when you fire people see Biden
has never fired anybody but when you
fire people for doing a bad job they get
a little bit angry somehow it just seems
to work but he was a nut job to start
off with so that's just so it's such a
beautiful story out of nowhere we get a
call saying that problem solved why
because the family came through and they
said that the magazine totally lied and
misrepresented this was the same
magazine that said that I said about
dead soldiers that they were something
what was it suckers and losers think of
it I'm supposed to be standing there
over the graves of soldiers with people
around me military people or whatever
making a statement like that can no I
mean can you imagine can you imagine
anybody doing it
I think I'd end up in I may be the
president but I think somebody would
start a fist fight and uh probably I
would say you were right into it who
would do this you they make up stories
it's not even it's not even like they
have sources they don't have sources
they're storytellers they say what would
be bad I have a bad one and you know
when it's always released same time with
the last one it's released just before
the election that suckers and losers
story which was totally fabricated
there's nobody that loves the military
and these were World War I Heroes they
died in World War I and I'm saying there
were suckers I mean you'd know me they
were shers or losers can you imagine it
and the problem I have Ted is that 
% of people when they read that
they're going to believe it so I talk
about it because it was a terrible thing
you know I walk past I remember we're
doing a big event and I was going back
to Air Force One and they were under the
wing this these fake news people they're
so bad there's a lot of them back there
by the way we got a lot of them honoring
that special person right we got a lot
of fake news but I remember I'm walking
past and I hear the people shouting and
everything and I heard this one voice
loud boisterous horrible voice say did
you call the dead soldiers from World
War I suckers and losers I said I didn't
you know to myself I said man that's a
bad one
because it's what this sbag reporter
Goldberg against me I mean and a
percentage of people have to believe
it's so all I can do is talk about it
but as soon as I heard that statement I
said man that's bad because to me that's
so bad and that's what they do these are
evil people they're a threat to
democracy and you know we are not a
threat the threat to democracy is the
other side they've weaponized the courts
they've weaponized the FBI to go after
people they go after parents they're
going after Catholics I don't know
what's with Catholics lately but if
you're Catholic you're being persecuted
anybody that votes as a Catholic for
this this horrible candidate that can't
put two sentences together she can't
speak she can't put two sentences
together she's can you imagine her
standing with President she of China I
don't think so Ken I don't he would be a
very happy man but hopefully that won't
happen and based on the first four days
it's not going to happen uh I want to
thank some of the special guests we have
Senator Ted Cruz for being here Senator
Ted
and it's hard to believe he's in a race
because honestly I don't know who would
want to run against him because he's
really a great
Senator he's a great Senator he loves
the country he's tough as hell he fights
he's always fighting and you know and
he's fighting for the state but he's
fighting more for the country country
than just about anybody and John barassa
would acknowledge that John is one of
our leaders in the Senate and he's a
fantastic man so so Ted I know your I
know your thing is going good I heard
you helped very greatly you got a big
pop right and uh I know you're doing
great but I just want to say he's got my
complete and total endorsement he has
always always will
have and uh you're gonna have a great
day and hopefully I'm gonna have a great
day and we're going to be celebrating
together and we're going to make our
country as we say or we'll make America
great again we're going to make it great
and it's going to go faster than you
think but I it can't sustain this for
another four years that I do believe a
very good friend the head of my campaign
from the day I ran he called he said I
want to run you a campaign I said well
I'm not very experienced I'd never done
this before but he liked me and he saw
something I guess Dan Patrick he's a
fantastic
[Applause]
man and Dan we're doing okay I hear
goodn okay good when Dan says that
that's good and and by the way if I had
any problems he would tell me that very
quickly right but when Dan says it it
means a lot thank you Dan very much
appreciate it attorney general Ken
Paxton a really great attorney
general great attorney
general thank
you that's pretty good
that's pretty
good that's pretty
good you see when they go after
people with they become they
become very popular and that's what
happened to Ken Ken no Ken was made to
suffer for a long period of time but it
worked out very well and I stuck by him
and other people stuck by him some of
the people right there stuck by him
including that one right there so I just
uh I think Ken I said you know he's a
great attorney general you got to stick
by your attorney generals and uh I'm
very happy the way that all worked out
but you went through a lot right and
that's why they love you because they
understand
that agriculture commissioner another
friend of mine Sid Miller first time I
saw a sid he was on
television Alexis he was on
television and I didn't know him at all
he was on Def Face the Nation ladies and
gentlemen and Sid Miller on deface the
nation that's the that's the name I CAU
they don't like it they spend Millions
on PR and then I get on and say def Face
the Nation but but they do def Face the
Nation and the others are just as bad
but he was on there and they said well
Trump is going to be in a tight race
this is when I first ran in Texas and we
had an event and he was at and we had a
line that went miles long to get into
a stadium and they couldn't even get in
and he looks at the anchor he said
listen I'm from Texas he's had that
beautiful hat on I love that hat I'd
love to wear it but it wouldn't work for
me I don't think Ken would Ken Ken would
say it's no good for you take it off
please but but now he said I don't know
where you come from but you don't come
from Texas because this guy's going to
win in the landslide and we won in the
landslide right so thank you thank you
Sid's a great guy thank you Sid
appreciate it land commissioner Dawn oh
I like that I'd love to be land
commission I love real estate land
commissioner dor Buckingham
thank you Don great doing a good job I
hear that from everybody and chairman of
the Texas Republican party Abraham
George thank you thank you very much
thank you good job so just in closing
thank you Abraham great job immediately
upon taking the oath of office I will
launch the largest deportation program
in American
history we will put and I don't like
saying that you know the largest the
record is Dwight e who was essentially a
moderate good president General
Eisenhower good president good General
very probably a very good General right
better than he gets credit he never get
credit for a lot of things he built the
interstate system actually he should get
a lot of credit but it was a very good
president but he was a moderate guy but
he has the record for deportation
because he could not stand people
pouring into the country and I think
we'll break that record not that I want
to break it but we have no choice we
have to get all of these criminals these
murderers and drug dealers deers and
everything we're getting them out and
we'll put these vicious and bloodthirsty
criminals in jail or kick them the hell
out of our country and we'll get them
out ideally we want to get them out
because we don't want to have to pay for
their room and board for the next 
years right to expedite removals of the
trendee aragua group and the MSother
Savage gangs I'll invoke the alien
enemies Act of did you know that I
had to go back that far we couldn't find
anything because modern-day politicians
even sort of old time nobody had the
courage of these original people so we
had to go back to
and it gives you the power to
Target and dismantle every migrant Crim
criminal Network operating on American
soil and you can get them out and
there's no
problem and at least you can't say that
it hasn't been around for a while that's
something right and if they come back
into our country it's an automatic 
years in jail with no possibility for
parole so you know because a lot of
people what what happened and it
happened with us and you'd take them out
they'd come back in they kept coming in
so he kept bringing them further away at
some point they didn't come back but I'm
going to do it differently it's a
year uh system of you're in prison for
years with no parole and I'm hereby
calling for the death penalty for any
migrant that kills an American citizen
or a law enforcement
[Applause]
officer and you'll be amazed how it work
you know when I was in the white house
we had a lot of people that wanted to
pull down statues and things and I
didn't like it too much and we didn't
have time to pass a law because they
were really getting pretty violent
around in Washington DC and they were
wanted to pull down you know actually
when they started roping up Abraham
Lincoln and couple I said this I'm not
even sure they knew what they were doing
but we found a law that was in the early
s very tough law that if you so much
as touch against inv violation of
anybody's word if you so much as touch a
monument or a statue you get years in
jail and I had a news conference and the
town was flooded uh we had a news
conference they had actually a rope
around Andrew Jackson's head the
beautiful statue and uh I said we're
going to go fast and I went out I did it
and within it was a beautiful sight the
second I now years in jail no
probation nothing and as soon as I said
it everybody just sort of walked I could
see them walking I don't want to use the
term I used last night I a certain part
of their body I watched the back I saw
thousands of them and I said what a
beautiful said they just left and that
was the end we had no more problem until
about a month ago two months ago in DC
where they became very violent they were
fighting with police they were putting
spray paint on our beautiful on the
Lions the beautiful lions and you know
they're they're sandstone and that's a
very poor Stone you'll see that spray
paint for many years to come like
hundreds of years you can't really get
it out it goes deep into the stone and
uh to the best of my knowledge nothing
happened to them did they they were
beating up cops or the cops were beating
them up but they were fighting they were
fighting our police our great police
we're going to take care care of our
police too by the way they're going to
stop the
lawlessness and I'm going to end all
migrant flights immediately you know
there's still flying F flights coming in
with people over a fairly short
that's a lot of flights and I'm
going to Outlaw immediately and we're
going to ask you guys to help on that
but we're going to Outlaw immediately
Sanctuary cities their sanctuaries for
criminals and we're going to end Catch
and Release once and for all and Kamala
Harris
she started this nightmare open border
no common sense with the party of Common
Sense there's no common sense to an open
border and I will stop this nightmare
immediately November th will be
Liberation day in America so I want to
thank everybody for being here and
Alexis I want to thank you darling and
uh your daughter very proud of you right
now I can tell you very proud this
unbelievable family back there thank you
very much we won't forget it we're going
to meet in the white house we get there
we have I told him we're going to have
lunch in the White House all right and
that goes for you are we allowed to
bring Alexis can we do that they said
yes okay so we're going to do that in
honor of your beautiful Joselyn okay
thank you thank you very much everybody
we greatly appreciate it thank you guys
thank you T thank you
everybody thank you very much
[Applause]
